welcome to the besties with breasty
podcast Sarah Hall here I am a certified
health and wellness coach athletic
trainer mom and breast cancer survivor I
help women overcome their own mind drama
to make mind shifts that open up the
possibility for their most empowered and
energetic life and I am Beth wilmas
author speaker and founder of a human
investment organization otherwise known
as a nonprofit called Faith Through Fire
our mission is to reduce the fear and
anxiety that breast cancer patients feel
and replace it with hope and a path
toward thriving this podcast is about
our experiences with breast cancer and
life after as young survivors and
[Music]
moms okay good morning good morning it's
so it I feel like we need a new int like
a new you know a new way to like yeah
bring in the episode CU you know what we
say every time is the weather the
weather's beautiful good morning yeah
yeah I don't know anyway with a joke
knock knock no no no too soon yeah too
not too soon that doesn't fit all right
we're squirly we're talking to a guest
today about the origins of cancer which
I think is really interesting because he
takes an alternate view to the
mainstream so I'm really excited to jump
into that as part of our medical
skepticism series but I was thinking
about it on the way over on the drive
over about research you know because our
guest is a professor and a researcher
and and I was thinking about how it
would be really cool I feel like there's
not a lot of creativity in research and
I have nothing I have nothing to base
that on like no I mean I think that
there's probably a little creativity
into like what are they going to
research and like what combination of
things are that you know but then
outside of that now it's so let me tell
you where my brain took it okay how cool
would it be if you had all these really
super intelligent researchers dumb down
the problem for us mere mortals right
like so I think what we should do is we
should have this crazy Summit where they
bring in people from all different kinds
of walks of life so we bring in
astronomers and we bring in lawyers and
we bring in salespeople and we bring in
teachers and we bring in you know the
Trashmen and we bring in you know the
fishermen and we we bring in the farmers
and we bring all these people from all
these different walks of life with all
this various experience in their field
of
specialty and we have these really
brilliant researchers and people dumb it
down for us here here's the problem this
is what we're trying to solve and then
we all have this huge collaborative like
process yeah that is a dream world I
know but how people don't love
collaborating they want to be the
smartest person in the room they but I
think like think about what could be
gleaned from all these different thought
processes and all these different
professions and it's like we're just not
doing that yeah and so I I have this
recurring dream where that happens and I
am so excited because I'm sitting in
this room they dumb down the question
and then we all get to work to figuring
out what do we know what does our you
know because there is that saying out
there that you're too close to the
problem so you don't see the like for
through the trees I agree so I wonder
like if we injected a little more
creativity if we couldn't find some
really interesting avenu change the face
of research right maybe maybe Faith
through fire can have their own research
branch and is just a bunch of random
people here goes the dream again
spitballing
ideas okay so today our guest is Dr
Thomas caed he's an American professor
of biology genetics and biochemistry at
Boston College and he received his PhD
from the University of Illinois Urbana
champagne in it's Urbana oh Urbana
champagne oh sorry Urbana
Urbana
sorry all right his post-doctoral
Fellowship studies were in the
Department of Neurology at Yale
University of Medicine have you heard of
it and he served there as an assistant
professor professor in neurology so he
did some undergraduate work at the
University of New England and received a
master's degree in genetics from
Illinois State University and his
research focuses on mechanisms of
chronic diseases such as cancer epilepsy
neurodegenerative lipid storage disease
and calorie restrictive diets so Dr sued
has been in over 150 peer-reviewed
Publications I would say he's pretty
qualified for sure right he's one of
those brains that we really want to pick
So today we're going to talk about how
cancer can be viewed through two
different perspectives and then the
position Dr C freed holds and why yeah
and how integrating both theories could
benefit cancer patience but before we do
that let's hear from our first sponsor
thriven is a proud sponsor of Faith
Through Fire thriven believes money is a
tool and not a goal the Gateway
Financial Group with thriven is local to
the St Louis area and can work with you
to create a financial strategy that
reflects your priorities and helps you
protect the things that matter to you
like family and giving back please call
314 783 4214 to schedule a free
consultation with one of thriven Gateway
financial
advisers welcome thank you for being
here Dr CED oh it's nice to be here
thank you very much of course so I
wanted to kind of explain to everybody
how I got pointed your way I actually
had a patient that we were talking to
point me to your research and then after
that I heard the podcast that you did
with P Peter AA which for the medical
people listening right now if you want
the you want the medical jargon and the
and the and the deep in the weed stuff
you need to go listen to that podcast
but I'm super interested in talking to
you today after hearing that so I
appreciate you being here thanks yes so
after I reached out to schedule this
with you you provided me a paper that
you wrote called considerations of
ketogenic metabolic therapy as
complementary or alternative approach to
managing breast cancer which out of the
gate was like a wow moment for me I was
like what my first thought was we're
going to control cancer with the keto
diet but it's a little bit more involved
in that so for everybody listening can
you kind of explain in layman's terms
how cancer can be viewed through two
different perspectives the genetic
versus the
metabolic yeah well right now where the
field has has been indoctrinated for
several decades that that cancer is a
genetic disease caused by somatic
mutations that lead to disregulated cell
growth and and I think people should
know that the simple definition of
cancer is is disregulated cell growth
cell division out of control and it can
happen in any kind of a tissue or organ
or something along these lines so the
question you have to ask yourself is
what is causing cells if you want to say
in the breast the colon the bladder the
brain what what what is what are causing
these cells to grow out of control and
the current Dogma which is an
irrefutable able truth the silent
assumption is that these mutations lead
to changes causing the cells to grow out
of control and that's the the somatic
mutation theory of of cancer which
actually underlies and is responsible
for most of the new kinds of therapies
that you see immunotherapies that you
hear about they they are based on cancer
being a genetic disease the alternative
and correct view of what this disease is
it's it's a mitochondrial metabolic
disease the disregulated growth comes
from an insufficiency of energy through
oxygen respiration the organel that
controls that is in the Cell It's called
The
mitochondrian and that organel is the
organel that controls the cell cycle and
is responsible for the differentiated
State or the quiessence of cells when
that organel becomes corrupted from a
variety of different insults cell loses
its its control and grows in a
disregulated way the mutations that are
there are Downstream effects they're not
the cause of the disregulated growth
they're the effect of disregulated
growth so this is two very
fundamental different explanations for
the origin of cancer which is
disregulated cell growth the dominant
view is that it's the mutations that
lead to the disregulated growth the
metabol view is that the mutations are
effects they're not the cause and the
disregulated growth comes from a
disturbance in the ability of cells to
generate energy through oxygen this will
eventually become recognized as the
origin of cancer and leads to then the
types of therapies that will be far more
effective with minimal toxicity the
problem right now is the field is locked
into this incorrect view to despite
massive evidence scientific evidence to
say that the Cancer Cannot Be A genetic
disease absolutely not from the from the
evidence that me we and others have
shown and yet we continue with this
momentum and as the result the
Persistence of toxic chemicals radiation
chemo and all these other things that
you hear about persists because the
field refuses or cannot accept the fact
that it's not what they thought it was
so this is the great tragedy that we're
dealing with today this is this is so
fascinating on so many levels so for a
long time we as breast cancer patients
have been told most breast cancers are
not genetic right like so those Bara
patients they're told theirs is genetic
but our you know for example I don't
have Bara or C 2 so mine isn't genetic I
think it gets confusing when we start
talking about cancer from a genetic
perspective versus a metabolic
perspective so those are two separate
Lanes correct we have inherited risk
factors like braco one and some of these
others but we also have acquired genetic
damage that's called the somatic
mutations those are acquired in your
life so lifestyle lifestyle environment
yeah one thing is common to all cancers
whether it's a breast cancer a lung
brain colon whatever they are all
fermenting which means they generate
energy without oxygen that's the common
phenomenon of all these cancers because
one thing that's very interesting is
cyanide that the poison that can kill
you very very quickly if you were to
take cyanide you'd be dead within a
minute because you immediately shut down
oxidative phosphorilation the ability of
cells to generate energy by by air by
oxygen and if you block that and that's
in the mitochondria if you block that
capability you die very very quickly
cancer cells can live in cyanide they
live without oxygen so you say to
yourself well how is how are they doing
that well when they grad ually lost
their ability to generate energy from
oxygen they upregulated or or gradually
instituted these ancient Pathways for
energy metabolism without oxygen the
these are the same ways that cells on
our planet 3.5 billion years ago we had
living organisms on our planet when
there was no oxygen in the atmosphere
and these these organisms grew like
crazy UND uh disregulated growth and
they would die only when the
availability of the fermentable fuels
would disappear and we're seeing the
same thing with the cancer we have not
found any cancer that can live uh
without the sugar glucose or the amino
acid glutamine and we have shown how
each of these fuels are fermented so
they are driving the disregulated growth
because you have to realize without
energy nothing can grow so when a person
would take some ionide they would die
instantly because all of the energy
metabolism in their body would be gone
in very short within within a minute
cancer cells don't respond to that they
they get their energy from a very
ancient pathway where where oxygen is
not required and all cancers are like
that we have not yet found any cancer
cell that can survive without glucose
and glutamine we have found no other
fuels that can keep these cells alive so
knowing that then the strategy to kill
or manage cancer becomes pretty
straightforward when you can't use your
mitochondria you can't burn Ketone
bodies or fatty acids so you are
dependent on fermentable fuels Ketone
bodies and fatty acids are
non-fermentable they cannot be fermented
so only fermentable fuels will drive the
disregulated growth of the cancer cell
and we have interrogated all of these
different amino acids and fuels and the
only ones that we can find are the sugar
glucose and the amino acid glutamine so
if we can Target and take those two or
reduce those two the availability of
those two fuels while transitioning the
body over to Ketone bodies or fatty
acids then you have a clear strategy for
managing cancer can I ask you a question
because I hear I hear glucose and then
that makes me think sugar right and and
patients have been told over and over
again there's you know widespread belief
among some cancer patients that Sugar
fuels cancer is that what we're saying
here that sugar is basically fueling
cancer and is that tied to insulin
resistance or is that a separate process
no no we have sugar is the two fuels
that that are that are essential for
keeping this growth disregulation is
yeah glucose when table sugar consists
of fructose and a glucose molecule so
that's table sugar so as soon as you
consume anything with sugar in it
glucose you break you break the fructose
off and in the in the gut you get
glucose immediately pours into your into
your bloodstream cancer cells have a
massive system to uptake massive amounts
of glucose because they they're very
inefficient so they don't use oxidative
phosphorilation respiration they use
this these ancient Pathways and glucose
is one of the two fuels that are
necessary for the disregulated growth so
yes glucose is absolutely essential for
the disregulated growth of cancer cells
there there was something that I think
all that is so interesting I was going
to ask you too that there are Cancers
that primarily use the normal way to
make energy correct so isn't that some
push back on this theory is that there
are some cancers that use the normal
form of energy production so I guess I
would have thought all cancers then
revert to this substandard form of
making energy is that not accurate and
how does that in any way support or
disprove what we're saying here well I
have we haven't found any yet and those
folks that say they have when you look
at their results very carefully they
never remove glucose or glutamine from
the from the experimental system that
they're they're they're using and that
comes from the misinformation about
oxygen consumption so you do see cancer
cells even OT warberg made this mistake
himself that you see cancer cells
consuming oxygen and then you make the
incorrect assumption that they're using
the energy that normal cells would use
well I want to I want to dive into your
work specifically but before we do that
do you guys want to do you want to do
boobs in the news let's do it all right
boobs in the news is a fun segment where
we read funny tweets by real people or
ridiculous news stories in the in the in
the all right you ready for this lay it
on me all right so I came across this I
think it was BuzzFeed it was 15 things
that slowly lose their appeal as you get
older oh which that totally caught my
attention cuz you know like for you
you're like your jowls that you always
worried about no that's that's things I
don't not not lose their appeal like as
in your appearance oh you're so funny
way to out me onow yeah it's just CU say
way to out me on my like jws that I have
an issue with which I don't think you
have an issue with jws at all I do too
look at these like weird little side
pockets that have just decided to show
up on the side of my chin any who I
digress all right these are 15 things
that slowly lose their appeal as you get
older so Number One bars staying up late
totally 100% right it used to be when
you were younger you're like I'm staying
up or right you know take a nap so I
could stay up later uhuh yeah staying up
late now so like last night my kids my
husband's out of town so when he's out
of town we get something special and
they all got to sleep in our room and
they voted to watch Home Alone and I
didn't even make it through the movie I
was asleep by 900 p.m. and it felt
glorious yeah totally I was also up at
4:30 but I had lots of energy yeah so
staying up late is number one I didn't
agree with number two 5ay work week I
mean wait that lose their appeal oh for
sure yeah so think about it like I like
to have a chill Frid Friday I still work
on Fridays but I chill Friday yeah so
and you keep weird office hours you like
to work late at night yeah so I mean
which is contrary to you staying up late
but well I think that there's a
difference between staying up late to
work or watch a movie versus staying up
late go be out oh like I don't my makeup
is not on at past 800 p.m heck no heck
no okay so Fay work week was number two
social media heck yeah social media has
completely lost its appeal the older I
get well I think it's because the older
you get you also just start to realize
what's important and you start to
realize oh sleep is important you know
social media do I really need to share
my life out there it's my Mental Health
social media makes me feel bad yes
number four is being trendy I have never
been trendy in my life I I think I was
wearing like turtlenecks until I was
like 16 I mean I've never been trendy
socializing you'll disagree with this
cuz you're a social person but the way
they wrote it was socializing in your
20s you think that the old dude in the
forest cabin is weird but by your 50s
he's looking like Einstein and and I'm
like yes I joke all the time that I want
you know what I mean like the weird guy
in the forest you're like what a freak
like get out and meet people like why
are you so you know hermit no that
sounds amazing to me yeah I I would be
fine with that number six is celebrity
worship I agree with that I mean the
older I get I'm just you know my kids
will tell me who the newest and greatest
is and I'm just the the popular YouTuber
yeah and or the influencer and I'm like
G it's not even real number seven is
Gossip which is true yeah I think that's
like I feel guilt if I
gossip okay I'm not going to read all
these uh hangovers is on the list yeah
that goes up with number one I mean I'm
not I'm on sabatical right now from
drinking because I'm like I'm done I've
almost reached my
years although even before that it had
been a long time since I hangover yeah
hangovers are not worth it unnecessary
or excessive noise I cannot stand when
there's so many different competing
noises going on drives me crazy I've
talked about that before my kids are on
the TV and my daughter's playing piano
and Emily you know Charlotte's yelling
down the stairs and the radio's on and
the window's open and somebody's going
the lawn and my brain wants to explode
well yeah especially yours yeah exactly
your little ad Mar brain right big
cities I actually brought this up to my
husband when we were younger we loved
going to the city you know whether it be
St Louis or Chicago or I wanted to live
in Chicago I wanted to live in downtown
St Louis even though it was like sketch
yeah yeah Gary and I almost got an
apartment on wash Avenue thank goodness
we didn't Loft I dreamt of it yeah cuz
at the time we were staying up late and
going out yeah there's your bibs in the
news Yeahs in the newss in the news in
the news all right we are back so I
really want to know if this research is
out there and and you have all this
information what is the push back that
you're getting and why is it not
becoming
mainstream for great disasters and
calamities in human history there's
never a single agent that would be
responsible for this so you have an
industry today both academic from the
federal government the National Cancer
Institute the National Institutes of
Health and then you have a monster
pharmaceutical industry that are fused
together developing being supported by
taxpayers dollars and massive funding
from pharmaceutical Industries producing
treatments that are highly profitable
and largely ineffective and then you
have the the scientists who despite
seeing the evidence that it cannot be a
genetic disease choose to ignore it and
and this this is a part of what happens
like you mentioned earlier when someone
comes to the realization that their
dogmatic belief may not be true they
kind of freak out so what we see is that
people aren't really attacking it the
the concept that cancer is a metab olic
disease they're really ignoring it and
that's typical behavior for something
that's very disturbing and a potential
disruptor can we talk about because I
that this leads me to be so excited to
know what is your work how do you treat
this if you're treating it your your
research is geared around this is a
metabolic dysfunction how do we treat
this because you said it's fairly
straightforward and simple and I do
always think that we tend to over
complicate things right what do you
think is the solution are part of the
solution to treating patients with
cancer if you look at it from a
metabolic perspective yeah well I think
you're 100% correct about people loving
to over complicate things you know you
figure that wow this is a disease cancer
that's been plaguing us for the last
century and and getting worse all the
time and everybody looks at it and sees
just so how complicated you have
hundreds of different types of cancers
and it's just so complicated but as I
said the common path physiological
problem in all of these cancer cells is
their inab inability to generate energy
through oxygen and their dependency on
on ferment fermentation so specifically
to address how we manage cancer and it's
not just our preclinical work that
brought us to this you have to realize
that I've been working on this area now
for for decades and had done a real deep
dive into what OT warberg had said so
it's a hundred years ago that OT warberg
actually defined the origin of cancer
and he and his trials and tribulations
were brought out by in Sam apples book
uh ravenous which he did a great job on
that but getting back to okay
specifically how do we manage breast
cancer colon cancer so if we know that
the two fuels that are driving the
disregulated growth are glucose and
glutamine we have to restrict the
availability of glucose and glutamine
but we cannot do this using drugs drugs
right off the bat so you you the the
body has to be prepared for the drugs
that will selectively Target those two
fuels so we developed the glucose Ketone
index calculator which allows us to
measure blood sugar and ketones together
in the bloodstream and we found that
humans that can maintain blood uh gki
values glucose Ketone index values of
2.0 or below are now metabolically
prepared for using drugs that will
further restrict glucose and glutamine
and we know what these drugs are we've
tested them we've used them here in the
in in the preclinical system we use
endol which is a parasite medication uh
why do we do that turns out that cancer
cells and parasites use a common
metabolic pathway so it's a very cheap
drug and once the patient is in
nutritional ketosis then we begin to
administer a low do very low doses of
these various drugs that will
selectively restrict the availability of
glucose and glutamine so once you once
you lower blood sugar and Elevate
circulating Ketone body K cancer cells
cannot use Ketone bodies as energy the
Ketone bodies are essentially designed
to provide energy to our brains and our
other organs fatty acids for our liver
so we're we're able to then transition
the whole body off to a healthy fuel
that the tumor cells cannot use and then
we slowly degrade tumor cells by simply
restricting the availability of the two
fuels that are necessary and essential
for their growth which is glucose and
glutamine it's not that complicated and
it really works well when you do it the
correct way what about the difference
between like a keto ketogenic diet and
fasting because fasting you know I've
heard fasting is helpful for maximizing
the effectiveness of Cancer Treatments
how does that relate or does it yeah no
it relates perfectly well the problem is
you know when I when we first started
doing that we knew from EXP
our own work in mice and work with
humans who did long-term fasting you
know most people don't want to do that
um you know it seems easier to me than a
ketogenic diet honestly because keto
feels like yeah no you we glucose Ketone
index is is Diet irrelevant so you want
to eat vegan you want to eat carnivore
you want to eat Mediterranean you want
to eat pescatarian you want to eat
Ketone doesn't make any difference as
long as you can get your glucose Ketone
index down to 2.0 below then you can
begin to strategically Target the the
glutamine of these tumor cells so it's
it's and yeah water only fasting will
give you a real low gki no question
about it but a lot of people say well I
don't I don't I don't want to go for
three weeks without eating any food you
know there are go guys out there G tanom
did this a lot of folks have been doing
these water only fasting but we we we
have a patient that my colleague from
Greek uh with a Mediterranean diet he's
nine years out now with lung cancer that
metastasized to his brain
he's still going and we can use any diet
as long as you can bring the gki down so
if people say I can't eat ketogenic diet
then eat a Mediterranean diet eat
whatever you want to eat as long as you
get a gki and then they'll come to
realize what they can and cannot eat
it's very simple well and you brought up
your friend here with metastatic lung
cancer I want to talk about metastasis
because that's you know metastatic
cancer metastatic breast cancer is
obviously everybody's worst fear you
don't want your cancer to spread once
somebody's metastatic let me ask you
this if it were you and your cancer had
spread what do you think is the most
effective way to manage this once it's
metastatic there's no putting the genie
back in the bottle you can't get
yourself to a state where you're
completely in remission or you believe
that's possible and what would you do if
it were you if you were metastatic yeah
well we we know it took us 12 years to
to understand what the biology of the
metastatic cancer cell was it's a
maccrage it's part of our immune system
what is the biology what is the cell
that actually breaks away from the
primary tumor site and starts to spread
to other organs and we've we've
discovered that it's a maccrage and
others have found the same thing as well
all of the metastatic cells regardless
of it's a breast a colon a brain or
whatever they all have characteristics
of maccrage oh so now we know what the
biology of the metastatic cell is it's a
maccrage which is part of our immune
system so then you go back and we look
and say okay what do what is the primary
fuels for macras function and glutamine
is one of the primary fuels that our
immune system uses this this led us to
realize that if we target glutamine the
cancer cell uses glutamine but we also
have our own immune cells that try to
pick up the dead cancer cells so we also
realize that our that normal cells of
the immune system and the cancer
metastatic cell are both dependent
heavily on a singular kind of fuel which
is glutamine it's amino acid so that's
why we developed the Press pulse
therapeutic strategy to know that we've
have to be very cautious on how we
target the glutamine we cannot Target
glutamine as aggressively as we target
glucose because the glutamine is needed
for our normal cells the glucose we
don't need we can switch to fatty acids
and Ketone bodies so so we we then use
specific kinds of drugs that Target
glutamine but you have to do it very
strategically you can't just dump all
this glutamine inhibitor on the patient
because you'll harm their immune system
so once you realize what the metastatic
cell is you can kill it easily and this
is what we've really we've done as a
matter of fact what I'm telling you
right now is published in the scientific
literature and yet uh the folks that are
in the gene Theory uh thing they have no
clue what I'm talking about so yeah why
are we doing this putting cancer
patients at incredible risk for covid
infection any kind of a viral infections
flu you you you you compromise that
individual's ability to survive based on
treating them with a with a medieval uh
unknowledgeable approach with metabolic
therapy they would actually be healthier
and be able to resist more of these
kinds of of conditions I want to finish
this whole episode with is there hope
for patients that are listening to this
that are have concerns because we have a
lot of patients that we help through our
nonprofit Faith Through Fire where they
are not convinced that traditional
therapy is going to help them and
they're declining treatment I want to
know if there's any Avenue of support
for those patients but first let's hear
from our second sponsor BJC healthcare
is proud to bring you the best medicine
close to home in addition to two
fullservice hospitals Barnes Jewish St
Peters and Progress West community
members in St Charles County and Beyond
have access to the San Cancer Center in
St Peters two convenient centers in the
area and doctor's offices across St
Charles County visit BJC St charlesc
count.org to learn more all right and
we're back Dr CED for for those
listening is there any way for them to
ask their Prov provider for this therapy
or is it completely unavailable to the
to the masses yeah this is the one of
the
great problems that we have because you
know I tell folks all this I publish all
these papers people can read them open
access oh they get all excited and they
say oh I want metabolic this is oh this
seems so logical and then they go to
their onc Coles at the top medical
schools and they get slap down they say
I never heard of this there's no
clinical trials blah blah all this kind
of nonsense not it's not scientific
arguments they're Arguments for the fact
that field never heard of it they didn't
know anything about it and those good
folks that would love to treat their
patients with metabolic therapy will
lose their license to practice medicine
if they don't follow the standards of
care for the treatment of the disorder
so you're up against a system the system
itself is preventing the transition from
the toxic therapies that we're using
today to a a scientifically supported
logical approach of metabolic therapy if
you can if you get the meter like like
everyone gets the the glucose Ketone
meter it's the keto Mojo you can get it
on Amazon and then just put yourself
into into therapeutic ketosis
periodically and then it's going to be
very hard for cancer cells to recur when
when you when they're in a in a new
metabolic State that's un that's
inconsistent with their need for
fermentable fuels yeah well that that
leads me my final question you know as a
patient like I'm always looking for what
can we do to be part of the solution
right as a patient if you're looking to
lower your risk of recurrence or you're
trying to manage your metastatic disease
you can lower your glucose yourself I
mean to some degree right you can take
ownership of that what about the
glutamine I mean what is there any
to-dos as patients that we can do or is
are we widely dependent on our providers
to give us these specific drugs at these
specific rates you know this press pulse
in order for it to actually work I mean
I is there any hope for the average bear
to use this therapy well if you look at
guy tanom who was on the web he had
Advanced prostate cancer but he also had
type two diabetes he was overweight he
he was obese he had high blood pressure
hypertension besides having metastatic
prostate cancer and he just did these
long-term water only fasting and 18 days
followed by zero carb food consumption
for a few weeks followed by these fasts
and like cancer-free now and uh he's all
telling he tells exactly what and how he
did it but this is not what most people
want to hear they want to go to the
physician they want to be given some
treatment but it in in the future this
what I've described to you is the future
of cancer management if people want to
stay healthy and have a higher a higher
quality of life so how long will it take
we have to overcome all of these
obstacles and then we're going to we're
going to gradually be able to manage
this disease in a logical way well thank
you so much for coming on talking to us
about all of that hopefully we can do
our small part of getting this out there
to where people can consider it we
really appreciate your expertise thank
you so much for being with us yeah thank
you thank you for being a listener of
the besties with breasty podcast if this
podcast had a positive impact on your
journey leave us a review or consider
becoming a supporter you can donate with
the link in the show notes or at Faith
through fire.org this episode was hosted
by Sarah Hall and Beth wilus audio and
production edits by Innovative
[Music]
frequencies